# thinkit
name of the project - STUDY.AZ
propose -creating new  responsive web site and app for smartphones which included online and offline resource for learners (programming,design,technology,architecture,daily useful information (with video description), and may be studyabroad (europe, asia, northeren america), learning any languages, additionally daily news about technological improvement)
1 - The main goal of the my project is to assist people research anything they need and get beneficial datas from the server.
2 - Specific objective i need, to reach targetted people and to make people who want to teach and learn something get connected
3 - Measure of the success is to reach as possible as watching rating for online videos and webinars and downloading something located in the server
4- There are two aspect of the project, one is teachers and another is students. Therefore, we need to think about it who want to learn and who to teach. From this point of view students, freelancers, and others who need to learn, and people who want and desire to teach - teachers, professionals, professors and so on are the target market of the project
5 - Actually, two projects connected on this project study abroad and online courses, for the first part of the project main decision makers are users who want to teach and who have account on the server, for the second site administartors.
7 -  Main content will come from user audiance of the web site, but for the first step, we need to make main cintent ourselves to keep activity of the project. And getting bigger user audiance. Another way of this point is connected with SMM.
8 - The main research target will be realeted with to value marketplace. If we take account the lack of online resources for learners in Azeri language and trilingual web sites on the global web, it will be a good start up for idea author. And from the point of users, everybody can research for their needs due to any propose.
9 - Money transfer, adding university campuses and information via web sources can be included specific technologies.
10 - On the frame of the project, it is doubtless that becaming professional one or two individuals are not subject of the our project. Being papular and making a great professional staff or group are our main target. And this point proves that the project can only fit our big picture after owning a great audiance
11 - There were something like that. If i take account small business projects like that, especialy study abroad. I have some project and i know how it can be conducted. For example studyeurope.az
A U D  I A N  C E
1 - After marketplace researching we can see that there is a great audiance of students who desire to learn something due to theri interests. For instance, English became a global language and everybody has to know some basic parts of the language to response technological development. And we will creat webinars, online courses and discussion topics with native speakers to assist learners how become fluent user of targetted language. 
2- The main audiance of the project will be students and learners, there will be a great range of courses due to interests of people, everybody can get benefit from the web site, but there will not be any age censore.
3 - the web site will be useful and very simple to use. Learners can download offline materials or can watch any videos online after enrollment. There will be paid courses and the prices will be defined by users who engaged with to teach something
4 - The key role of the project will teach something to people and therefore visiting reason of users will be their dream of learning and interests
5 - Visitors come away with the online certificate whict proves their knowledge, and achievement of their goals.
C O N T E N T
1 - Content will not be needed, but transcript and detailed information about ny courses inculded enrollment
2 - Programming, design, architucture, IT courses, range of languages, sport and fitness, daily useful tricks, study abroad information also applying procedure and there will be one or more study abroad consultant for helping students with online support.
3 -better methods and techniques of teaching need to be developed, and our project will realize this environment for everyone.
C O M M U N I C A T I O N
1 - For the first steps the site will serve for local users, after optimazing site will be open for global audiance. teachers and learners can get communicated thanks to the site via chatting or video discussion. The main lack of currrent online course resources is that pupils can learn something they need but the video courses stream continiously and learners have no any advantages to question teachers thats why our main goal is to make thus web project which every body can communicate each other (learners and teachers). And from this point of view every unclear part of information can be made obvious by tachers. Additionally there will rating system for teachers, users can rate every video course or give feedback for other users. This system will give information users also admins of the site that they will work with these teachers for long term or short term.
 2- Long term goal is creating a great database of courses and being developed, short term goal is being local site for only azeri audiance.
